The following steps were performed on a dataset related to symptoms of diseases:

The NaN values were filled using the forward fill method.
Duplicate values were detected and removed.
The columns "disease" and "symptoms" were selected, and the "UMLS:c08096" value was removed by splitting the data using the split method and separator "_".
The find method was used to identify any other values containing the "UMLS" string, and these values were replaced with an empty string in both the "disease" and "symptoms" columns.
The count of disease occurrence column was dropped.
A new dictionary is created to store the unique diseases and their corresponding symptoms.
A new data frame is created with the unique values of the symptoms as the column names.
The "index" column is dropped, and the index was reset.
The symptoms corresponding to the diseases are filled with a value of 1, and the remaining missing values were filled with 0.
The "disease" column was appended to the dataset.steps used in cleaning

The following steps were performed on a dataset related to symptoms of diseases:

The following steps were performed on a dataset related to symptoms of diseases:
There are no missing values in the dataset, as can be seen in figure 1 above.
Duplicate values were found and eliminated.
There are some wrong values in the dataset, which were found by looking at the unique values of each column.
Dealing with wrong values column by column as there were missing values in all of the columns.
There are no incorrect values in the columns for age or sex.
Next, there are no inaccurate values in the cp column, but the datatype of the column is incorrect as a result, the column's datatype was modified
There are 3 incorrect values in the column trestbps. Because the mean and median are so close, filled them with the median.
Next, there are 145 erroneous values in the chol column.  decided to leave that section for now.
Later, there are numerous incorrect values in the columns ca, slope, and thal. 319 in the thal column, 206 in the slope column, and 412 in the ca column
Because there are so many inaccurate values, deleted all the rows that match them and transferred the remaining data to a new data frame. 
Some of the columns had improper data types, so I updated them to the proper ones.
Because there are so many inaccurate values, I deleted all the rows that match them and transferred the remaining data to a new data frame. 
Replaced the column values with their original meanings according to the dataset description.